0.8.41 Release (#242)
gridai/grid-docs: docs/getting-started/typical-workflow-web-user.md

![](/images/examples/web-create-datastore.png)

\(Time: **2 minutes**\)
:::note

> Name the datastore cifar5 for it to work with the rest of the tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the datastore name `cifar5` in order to complete the tutorial successfully.
```
